Welcome to a new one
follow the smartphone test with me
philipp today with the well again
currently strongest windows phone that
nokia lumia ever gives to the market
930 and what's on the kasseler
the idea now a big display is yes
meanwhile, for heinz smartphones
that's why here too 5 inches tall
video of camera and button below
with the menu buttons for windows from
otherwise, we also have a very chic
alu frame as I think volume is
with power button and extra camera button
also still and a micro usb and above
headphone jack and nanos the
card slot everything housed in the frame
the back is in black and white
green and orange very bright colors
sees people but also feels very
nice share back camera with lightning
Of course, also with it as I think
visually one of the most beautiful
smartphones are currently available at all
but just right can through this
frame and is therefore not completely
require hand like other smartphones
which are executed a little bit round 98
millimeter thick all the way to 167 grams
Hard is not so slim
like others and much fatter
samsung galaxy s 5 nokia installed at
only 930 a five inch oled
display with cleartec technology so
As you might already suspect
an excellent black value and so
high contrast as it is at oled
display is so common and also the
Colors are very much alive and yet
of course, really an external one
display which is very nice to look at
besides, is also high resolution gives full
hd resolution with fans all that makes 441
pepi really a great one
display where there is nothing to complain about
and protected by gorilla glas
three things on the nokia lumia
who would have thought no android is running
or windows phone 8.1 is the
latest version that currently exists
and the whole thing looks very nice too
at first glance
There are a few uniforms to you
for example the photo book or something
but can quickly delete all
and of course it is missing again
few things for example google
specific apps like youtube but it
is a way to question everything around
to come and do it all the same
use
There are also three kovacs for example
care apps they do not update then there
it is also a mistake to find a mistake
solution around it but of course disturbs
the first look something
otherwise it is really a nice os
it is very fluid it all works
wonderful it looks beautiful has many
functions really a good one
alternative to android if you look
once listened to
that makes for neat power
networks 800 inside 2.21 quad core
processor with 2 GB of RAM
So there are performances for games of it
more than enough for windows phone worries
So for some hours of fun on
the big screen still 32 gb
etc mass storage for videos of photos
page not expandable per
memory card that means if you have more
space needs to do must also attacked
To fall back on
nokia donates to the back
lumen and 30 a 20 megapixel camera
to a dual-led flash have been
are only 1.2 megapixels
that must be enough for the selphy
on the way back of the camera makes
really very nice photos for that
Image quality is good noise behavior
as well as the camera app itself
is he extra the nokia kemmer is very
beautifully constructed now briefly tarnish
Settings below you can
switch between photo and video and that
really very cool you can
even photos in raw format that absorbs
means it is much better on the pc
to edit
Then there is the creative study
means you can on the phone photos
work with numerous for the
effects et cetera
and that is very nice unfortunately
not only with 30 frames and videos
record full hd that is it
gives neither 4k nor slow motion effects
or similar but it's no cool
Extra there is an audio bass filter that
means tells you so have the
low-frequency sounds out as disturbing
the engine noise or similar
background you can do that with it
filter out
the speaker also does one
very good figure has some volume
Sounds neither tinny nor otherwise
just a very nice thing makes you
good figure and keep it going like it
opt for a high end smartphone
heard of course is lte with up to 150
meter per second on board as well hspa
plus for fast internet on the go
but at home it's off the post with
wlan b / g / n ac in the 2.4 and 5 ghz range
and of course annecy and
bluetooth 4.0 uses six order
gps pay and even the chinese
Baidu used the free ones
cards from nokia here that's us
really can around the world
Free to navigate what actually
is pretty cool feature and
Tell me, you're so lost
no way
The battery only holds 2024
milliole hours relatively small
but the operating system is just fine
programmed that means they come
still loose throughout the day and
maybe second and second
I think that it comes for such a thing
actually quite enough
Power supply is with 15
a bit stronger than normal and
This will make the phone a bit faster
loaded and with that we come already
To sum up, I personally think so
really nice that finally nokia one
Highend money really very high quality
has completed components too
can compete with the competition
There is a very good camera stronger
hardware a good speaker and it
is as I said for me visually that
most beautiful smartphone there currently
you celebrate with everyone on the way
fall on both sides but always a bit
Restricted what windows phone and the
apps like i said just google
special stuff is a bit
cumbersome but otherwise for 410 euros
currently have and thus for the
Offered equipment actually right
cheap as I think
and it can also be easily with lte or
a samsung galaxy s 5 keep up with what
he is so you have a windows
friends or would you guys 11?
want to buy writes in the
Comments
otherwise there is neither my thumb
up here you see that was again
last video the lg gps and children
matthias with the lumia 925